docs/man/nng_aio_stop.3.adoc, before:

= nng_aio_stop(3)
//
// Copyright 2018 Staysail Systems, Inc. <info@staysail.tech>
// Copyright 2018 Capitar IT Group BV <info@capitar.com>
//
// This document is supplied under the terms of the MIT License, a
// copy of which should be located in the distribution where this
// file was obtained (LICENSE.txt).  A copy of the license may also be
// found online at https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
//

== NAME

nng_aio_stop - stop asynchronous I/O operation

== SYNOPSIS

[source, c]
----
#include <nng/nng.h>

void nng_aio_stop(nng_aio *aio);
----

== DESCRIPTION

The `nng_aio_stop()` function stops the asynchronous I/O operation
associated with _aio_ by aborting with `NNG_ECANCELED`, and then waits
for it to complete or to be completely aborted.

If an operation is in progress when this function is called, that operation
is canceled and the callback function is _not_ allowed to run.

If the callback function is already running when this function is called,
then it is allowed to complete before returning to the caller.

No new operations will be started on this _aio_.

NOTE: Calling this function means that the operation may be aborted without
completing its callback function.

TIP: When multiple asynchronous I/O handles are in use and need to be
shut down, it is safest to stop all of them, before deallocating any of
this with xref:nng_aio_free.3.adoc[`nng_aio_free()`], particularly if the callbacks
might attempt to reschedule additional operations.

== RETURN VALUES

None.

== ERRORS

None.

== SEE ALSO

[.text-left]
xref:nng_aio_cancel.3.adoc[nng_aio_cancel(3)],
xref:nng_aio_free.3.adoc[nng_aio_free(3)],
xref:nng_aio_wait.3.adoc[nng_aio_wait(3)],
xref:nng_aio_alloc.3.adoc[nng_aio_alloc(3)],
xref:nng_aio.5.adoc[nng_aio(5)],
xref:nng.7.adoc[nng(7)]

Commit message:

nng_aio_stop documentation is badly incorrect
The documentation for this function had not been updated in a long
time, and reflected behavior that is incorrect.

docs/man/nng_aio_stop.3.adoc, after:

= nng_aio_stop(3)
//
// Copyright 2023 Staysail Systems, Inc. <info@staysail.tech>
// Copyright 2018 Capitar IT Group BV <info@capitar.com>
//
// This document is supplied under the terms of the MIT License, a
// copy of which should be located in the distribution where this
// file was obtained (LICENSE.txt).  A copy of the license may also be
// found online at https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
//

== NAME

nng_aio_stop - stop asynchronous I/O operation

== SYNOPSIS

[source, c]
----
#include <nng/nng.h>

void nng_aio_stop(nng_aio *aio);
----

== DESCRIPTION

The `nng_aio_stop()` function stops the asynchronous I/O operation
associated with _aio_ by aborting with `NNG_ECANCELED`, and then waits
for it to complete or to be completely aborted, and for the any
callback associated with the _aio_ to have completed executing.

Further calls to
xref:nng_aio_schedule.3.adoc[`nng_aio_schedule()`] using this _aio_ will fail with
`NNG_ECLOSED`.

It is safe to call this for an _aio_, even when no operation is currently
pending for it.

TIP: When multiple asynchronous I/O handles are in use and need to be
shut down, it is safest to stop all of them, before deallocating any of
this with xref:nng_aio_free.3.adoc[`nng_aio_free()`], particularly if the callbacks
might attempt to reschedule additional operations.

== RETURN VALUES

None.

== ERRORS

None.

== SEE ALSO

[.text-left]
xref:nng_aio_alloc.3.adoc[nng_aio_alloc(3)],
xref:nng_aio_cancel.3.adoc[nng_aio_cancel(3)],
xref:nng_aio_free.3.adoc[nng_aio_free(3)],
xref:nng_aio_schedule.3.adoc[nng_aio_schedule(3)],
xref:nng_aio_wait.3.adoc[nng_aio_wait(3)],
xref:nng_aio.5.adoc[nng_aio(5)],
xref:nng.7.adoc[nng(7)]
